packages/api-client/README.md, before:

<div align="center">
<img src="https://blog.vuestorefront.io/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/1QU9F6hQlFyHsJIbsdmt6FA.png" height="80px"/>  
</div>

## Vue Storefront 2 integration with <% INTEGRATION %>

------

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->

## How to start if you want to try out the integration

```
yarn global add @vue-storefront/cli
```
```
vsf init <project_name> && cd <project_name> && yarn && yarn dev
```

## Resources

- [Vue Storefront Documentation](https://docs.vuestorefront.io/v2/)
- [<% INTEGRATION %> integration Documentation](https://docs.vuestorefront.io/<% INTEGRATION %>)
- [Community Chat](https://discord.vuestorefront.io)

## Support

If you have any questions about this integration we will be happy to answer them on `<% INTEGRATION %>` channel on [our Discord](discord.vuestorefront.io).

## Contributors ✨

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!

Commit message:

chore: replace `<% INTEGRATION %`> with `__replace_me__` and fix pre-commit (#36)

packages/api-client/README.md, after:

<div align="center">
<img src="https://blog.vuestorefront.io/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/1QU9F6hQlFyHsJIbsdmt6FA.png" height="80px"/>  
</div>

## Vue Storefront 2 integration with __replace_me__

------

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->

## How to start if you want to try out the integration

```
yarn global add @vue-storefront/cli
```
```
vsf init <project_name> && cd <project_name> && yarn && yarn dev
```

## Resources

- [Vue Storefront Documentation](https://docs.vuestorefront.io/v2/)
- [__replace_me__ integration Documentation](https://docs.vuestorefront.io/__replace_me__)
- [Community Chat](https://discord.vuestorefront.io)

## Support

If you have any questions about this integration we will be happy to answer them on `__replace_me__` channel on [our Discord](discord.vuestorefront.io).

## Contributors ✨

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!
